
                 THE WOMEN

                    "Ugh!" Stephanie Dwyer slammed her apartment door and stomped her foot. "Creep!" A picture fell
                 off the wall and shattered. Water logged, droplets dripped from her nose, her hair, and her eyelashes, pooling at her
                 feet. She scowled. Her new high heels were utterly ruined.

                      Courtney hid a chuckle behind her hand. Pointing the remote control at the television, she clicked off the sitcom
                 she'd been watching. Her lips crooked into a half smirk. "This one turned into a jerk, too?"

                      Stephanie dropped her purse onto the coffee table and flopped onto the couch. She kicked her shoes off, scaring
                 the cat who ran into the other room. Staring at the ceiling, she said, "All men should crash and burn."

                      "That good?" Courtney sat forward, flicking her long black hair behind her shoulders. "There's got to be a couple
                  of good men out there. All we need is one good man each. Is that too much to ask?"

                      Stephanie lifted pained eyes to her roommate and best friend. "I don't think there's two good guys in this whole
                 universe. I give up. I've had it. I'm not kissing any more toads."

                      Courtney looked thoughtful, tapping her chin with her forefinger. "Maybe we've been looking in the wrong universe."

                      Her friend was losing it big time. "What are you talking about?" Handsome Patrick had seemed so perfect, so wonderful. Until she'd caught him with Alyssa tonight, telling her the moon and stars shone only for her, that they were soulmates - the same pathetic lines he'd snared her with.

                      Some soulmate!

                      Jumping to her feet, Courtney paced in front of her. "What we need is a vacation away from the city to someplace totally different."

                      "With totally different kinds of men." Despite herself, her interest was piqued. "We need men who are the opposite of the bozos we've been finding here. No more big shot professionals."
