Mark had a dream a few nights ago. There is no explanation as to the circumstances that gave rise to this event and I am reluctant to make an attempt to interpret its significance. I have always found Freudian arguments unconvincing and never quite believed that Joseph, he of the multi-colored coat, predicted seven years of famine and plenty after listening to the over active imagination of a pharaoh.



This skepticism is reinforced by the nature of dreams as transient images: details disappear with the dawn of a new day and the best we can hope for is a partial view of the main theme. Through a glass darkly does not provide the best perspective and yet for some reason they continue to be endowed with unquestionable wisdom. It is as if we are glimpsing a world beyond the everyday understandable one, which is undoubtedly more powerful and mysterious. I will therefore recollect Mark’s vision without making any pretense of accurate description. Artistic license has been employed to paper over the cracks and I can’t vouch for its accuracy in the first place.



It was a sunny evening in an English summer, the kind we hope will last forever but rarely make it beyond mid-August. After the heat of the day, the temperature was dropping but a golden glow persisted from the disappearing sun, which bathed the landscape in more mellow tones. Now the day’s work had been done, the countryside could relax and put on its best mantle in celebration of finally being left in peace. The fields, the birds, the trees and all of God’s creation seemed to bask in the joy of being alive. Everything was so beautiful one couldn’t help but experience an inner elation at being witness to such a scene.



Mark was standing at the top of a field of long grass on a hillside, which sloped gently away from him. He was surrounded by friends, boys the same age as himself, and there was an adult carrying a rugby ball. This man would kick the ball up in the air so high it would disappear from sight and the crowd would run headlong downhill, not giving a thought to the possible hazards underfoot, just looking upward to the sky as they strained to catch the object descending from there.



Mark was always the one to win this game: he could run so fast and jump so high none of the others stood a chance. Moreover he was at one with the ball, they understood each other as if existing in a symbiotic relationship. As soon as the ball was caught he ran back to the man waiting at the top of the hill, thankfully handing it over in the hope the exercise would be repeated. The boy never tired but soared effortlessly into the air, leaving the other’s heads down near his waist, whilst outstretched arms seemed automatically drawn to the ball. He was so happy he wanted that evening to continue forever.



But dreams will come to an end and in the cold light of day matters invariably seem different. Mark was no longer a boy but a middle aged businessman and, as he prepared for work, gradually came to terms with the cares and problems that were an everyday part of his life. This contrasted painfully with the carefree feeling experienced a few hours earlier when joy had occupied his being to the extent that there was room for no other emotion. His body was no longer light as a feather but rather portly making it difficult to move with ease. The friends and adult who had meant so much had disappeared and now he was alone.



The morning was spent in the usual manner at his office, though he felt rather restless, finding it difficult to concentrate on work for any length of time. He walked around the room, which now felt like a cage, examining pictures on the wall and various odds and ends on the shelves and desk some of which he picked up to play with. It wasn’t working however: the familiar objects only reminded him of the monotony of his life and no amount of pacing could dispel the present mood. He turned to look out of the large window, which commanded a view over the nearby countryside. He had glanced out of this window many times before and thought he was familiar with the scene but realized upon further reflection he had never taken the time to study it in detail. He now began to look intently not wanting to miss out anything.



It was a beautiful day, the kind of day when many of the vast multitude who work indoors must also have been gazing out of their window wishing to be enjoying the outdoors. Mark surveyed the far side of the valley, climbing gently away from him to the horizon. At its foot were the buildings of the town and a little further up farmhouses dotted amongst fields. Every now and then he caught a glimpse of something shiny as a car wound its way along the roads. Some fields bore the dazzling yellow of rape seed, while others assumed a more gentle hue of that color where the corn was growing. Most, especially the ones higher up, were green with sheep confined within their boundaries of wooden fences or hedgerows. Along these divisions, here and there trees grew, none especially big but twisted and gnarled enough to give evidence of a reasonable age.