                       THE ANT AND THE CRICKET

   Once upon a time... There is this girl. Me. My name is Victory Barnes and I hate it. It seems like with a name like this
 I ought to be saving people's lives and winning wars, stuff like that, being some kind of martyr. I feel kind of stupid
 sometimes, like, I'm just me. My mother told me that she named me Victory because that's what I was, born just before 
she got sent away to prison for selling drugs. My mother told me that she was so grateful I turned out okay, after all 
the dope she did when she was pregnant that she just had to thank God and call me Victory. Nobody hardly ever calls me 
that, not even my grandma. Sometimes when she's mad at me she calls me that, loud and slow, VIC - TOR - EE, and I know 
that I'm really in trouble, but she doesn't get mad at me too often. Most everybody calls me Vicky, or Mouse, and that 
suits me just fine. Except for my mother; she always calls me Victory.

     Mama is coming home after twelve years. Grandma bought me a new dress for the occasion, a white lacy one with a 
green bow in the back. I think it makes me look like a baby, but I don't say anything, I just chew my gum and wait for
 grandma to finish ironing it so I can hang it up on my closet door. I don't know how to feel about the whole thing, so
 I decide not to feel anything at all. Look at me: tall, skinny, secretive, like any 12 going on 13 black girl. I am 
laying across my bed, savoring some of my last few moments in my room. Tomorrow I will have to give this bedroom to 
my mother and move to the couch.

 
My mother is a heroine addict who got sent to prison for selling drugs in school yards. My father was a heroine addict, 
too, but he's dead now. I was born addicted to the junk, and sometimes, deep down, I feel like I'll always be a heroine 
addict, always have a gaping hole inside needing to be filled. Sometimes I hurt so bad, feel so empty, and I just want 
something, anything to fill me up or make me forget. That's how it is, being me. I guess that my mother felt bad for a 
long time, that's why she started doing drugs. Except knowing this doesn't make me feel any closer to her. Gazing at 
the watermarks on the ceiling, I wonder what it would feel like to be pregnant. Not so alone, probably. Loved. But I 
also wonder how something like a baby could fit into someone like me.